docs: add example on artifacts usage (#881)
canonical/testflinger: docs/reference/test-phases.rst

Artifact
---------

You can save additional files from your test run by creating an ``artifacts`` directory in your test commands. 
The Testflinger agent does not create this directory automatically so your test commands must create it and populate it with any files you want to preserve.

After the job completes, the agent will:

1. Check if an ``artifacts`` directory exists in the test execution directory
2. Compress the directory into a ``tar.gz`` archive
3. Upload the archive to the Testflinger server
4. Delete the local ``artifacts`` directory from the agent host

For example, under ``test_cmds``, you can create an artifacts directory and copy files there:

.. code-block:: yaml
    
  job_queue: <queue>
  provision_data:
    <provision-data>
  test_data:
    test_cmds: |
      ssh ubuntu@$DEVICE_IP 'uname -a > /tmp/system_info.txt'
      mkdir -p artifacts
      scp ubuntu@$DEVICE_IP:/tmp/system_info.txt artifacts/

.. note::
  

>   From the above example, the first command is executed on the remote device, while the next two commands are executed on the Testflinger Agent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  From the above example, the `uname -a > /tmp/system_info.txt` command is executed on the remote device, while the next two commands are executed on the Testflinger Agent.
```

If this correction is true, then **_all_** commands are being executed on the "Testflinger Agent" and only by using ssh is the `uname` command being executed on the device.
